My largest plugin, designed and tested on my servers, intended for improving gameplay on small survival ("vanilla") servers where long-term progress is key. Introduces many QoL features and fixes while trying to keep the gameplay as balanced as possible.

List of features in no particular order:
- **Day/Night skipping**: allows to immediately skip 1 or more consecutive nights or days automatically using `/skipday` or `\sd [*number*/status/force]`, or `/skipnight` or `/sn [*number*/status/force]`. When activated, the server never reaches day or night, meaning that night mobs don't spawn/aren't set on fire, including phantoms. Nights/days aren't skipped if no player is online; unfortunately, that also means that night time mobs will be able to spawn/burn in permanently loaded areas (spawn chunk and artificially permaloaded chunks) in that case. Using `/skipnight` or `/sn force` skips current day or night regardless of whether days/nights were set to be skipped before. This can be used to temporarily view your build at night without disrupting the skipping cycle. Using `/skipnight status` or `/skipday status` returns the number of days/nights that will be skipped unless no other action is taken.
- **On-Demand Navigation**: By using `/navigate` or `/nav [x, y?, z] <direct>` (relative coordinates using ~ are also accepted, and _y_ coordinate can be ommited and is then replaced with ~ automatically), any player can enter _navigation mode_, for the duration of which their hotbar coordinate display (if active) will change to display the distance from the specified location in blocks. A compass will be placed into player's offhand pointing toward the specified location, which can't be removed from the inventory during navigation and will be automatically removed when player exists navigation mode. Any offhand item at the moment of entering navigation mode will be put in the player's inventory or dropped if player's inventory is full. Navigation mode ends automatically if player is within a 3x3 block area centered at the specified location (or within a 1x1 area if _direct_ mode was set) uses `/navigate` or `/nav stop`, or changes dimensions.
- **On-Demand Sitting**: by using `/sit`, a player can imitate sitting anywhere in the world. A player is set as a passenger of an invisible invulnerable pig. A seated player can unsit at any moment by simply pressing Shift or any other key binded to leaving a vehicle. In case a suspicion is raised that a leftover pig entity has not been properly removed, /dissapig can be used to detect and remove any leftover pig entities. only pigs used for sitting can be removed by such command.
- **Fair AFK**: by using `/afk`, players can enter an AFK state, during which they become completely invulnerable, stop being targeted by nearby mobs but also lose the ability to move, can't attack with any weapon, interact with any entity or block, place or destroy any blocks and liquids, and use special items such as potions, basic and enchanted golden apples, and milk. Players also can't go AFK while airborne,  within 5 seconds after taking any damage, or near (within a 100x20x100 bounding box) specific dangerous mobs: all bosses, evokers, and ravagers. There are no other restrictions on how frequently a player can go AFK, and using `/afk` or `/afk stop` removes all debuffs granted over the period of AFKing. Re-entering the game also removes all AFK restrictions and benefits. It's also possible to "suggest" other players to go AFK: using `\afk <playername>` sends the specified player a request to go AFK, and, if not declined, the player will be put into AFK after 10 seconds.
- **Ping Display and High Ping Protection**: the plugin adds a `/ping` command to get a summary of your ping values over the past 15 seconds. Can be used with a playername (`/ping <playerName>`) to see ping values of the specified player. If player's ping stays above 500 for longer than 10 seconds, the plugin detects that and gives the player a Resistance effect with level corresponding to the largest recorded value of ping over the last 15 seconds. This can greatly help players with unstable connection, as it makes dealing with mobs and other hazards much easier. After player's ping stabilizes, they enter a "grace period" during which they continue to receive Resistance 1 even if their ping stays below 500. If ping remains low for longer than a minute, the Resistance effect is removed. Also, if the player with high ping falls into the void, the plugin will detect that and teleport the player on top of the nearest solid platform within a 10x100x10 bounding box centered on the player, or just 100 blocks up if no platform is found, and put player into AFK. This ensures that players won't lose hours of progress due to no fault of their own.
- **Easy Ender Chest Access**: instead of placing it on the ground and removing it using a Silk Touch pickaxe, any player can now open their personal enderchest by using `/enderchest` or `/e`. The player needs to have an ender chest in their inventory to use the command.
- **Server Chest**: the plugin provides a server-wide virtual container that acts like a global ender chest and allows all players to access it at any time using `/serverchest` or `/svc`. To access the server chest, the player needs to craft a special item (see "New recipes" for more information)
- **Passive Players**: Using `/passive` marks the player as passive, in which state they can't be directly damaged nor can damage other players. Doesn't affect damage coming from sources not affiliated with players, such as TNT/Ender Crystal explosions, but does block arrow and trident damage. Using `/passive` again removes the status.
- **Friendly Damage Cancelling**: ever wanted to pet your pet pig, a dog, cat, or even another player? Well, now you can! Crouch before hitting and all damage from your hit will be negated. Doesn't apply to hostile mobs, so you can still attack hostiles while crouching.
- **New recipes**: the plugin adds several new crafting recipes:
   - _Server Chest_: functions like a normal ender chest but also gives access to Server Chest via `/serverchest` (`/svc`) command. Also allows the player to use `/enderchest` (`/e`) when in inventory (Warning: loses all special properties when placed.) Recipe:  
E G E  
G C G  
E G E,  
where E is ender eye, G is gold ingot and C is a normal ender chest.
   - _Enchanted Golden Apple_: brings back the old Notch Apple recipe.
   - _Fireworks of power 4 and 5_: for long late-game flights. Can be crafted using paper and 4 or 5 gun powder.
where o is empty space, F is poppy flower and P is paper.
- **Death Messages**: on death, sends the player a direct message containing the coordinates of their death. Really helpful when retrieving loot after an unfortunate accident.
- **Send Coordinates**: a small utility. By using `/getcoords` or `/gc`, any player can publish their current coordinates and world. Use `/gc <description>` to add a small text description to the published message.
- **Hotbar Coordinates**: A handy utility. For every player, their current location (in coordinates), pitch and direction (in bearings) are displayed above their hotbar. It's quite configurable - players can select which information they want to see and change the color of letters and coordinates.
- **Teleport to Spawn**: my take on `/spawn` and `/home` commands, frequently used on online survival servers. While they are certainly helpful and allow for easy navigation around the server, they are quite unbalanced and can be abused to make gameplay trivial. To combat this issue, using my `/home` only teleports the player to their spawn point (in the particular world the player is in - teleportation across worlds isn't possible.) and costs XP. The XP requirement for any specific distance is calculated via a complex formula with the goal of discouraging small- or large-distance teleportation by increasing per-block cost. If `/home` is used in a world where player's spawn point has not been set, the player will be teleported to the spawn point of the world. Similar restictions are applied as with `/afk` - players can't teleport while in the air, within 5 seconds after taking damage or near specific dangerous mobs.
- **GUI**: Can be accessed by any player by using `/gui` and configure and enable/disable features provided by the plugin within a single interface. Notable features: teleport GUI with a detailed explanation of teleportation cost, ability to set whether player wants to receive their death coordinates privately in chat after dying, ability to configure hotbar coordinates' type and color.
- **Server Color**: in the GUI, you can select a server color for yourself. From that point on, the color of your name in the tab list and in all messages sent by the plugin will change to the selected one.
- **Coordinates In Chat**: plugin automatically detects coordinates sent in chat (including relative coordinates using ~, such as `~15 ~ ~-37`) and appends a link to `/navigate` command to them. Makes navigating simpler.
- **Server Notes**: Allows to create, format, read, edit and delete server-wide text entries (notes). Very handy for storing public info about the server, such as coordinates of common areas or important locations. `/servernotes` or `/svn [add/redact/remove/list] <color> <text style> [text to add]`. Plugin also auto-detects coordinates in notes and adds `\nav` links to them. Also, `%c` shortcut can be used to insert player coordinates in the note: `/svn add .none .none My Base: %c` results in _"My Base: X Y Z"_. In `/svn redact`, ~ can be used to indicate that the property does not need to be changed: for example, `/svn redact 1 red ~ ~` only changes the color of the note on line 1 to red.
- **Scheduled Shutdown**: Allows to easily schedule server shutdown. Usage: `/schedulestop` or `/sstop <time>`. Accepts absolute time (e.g /shutdown 23:30) or relative time with a corresponding letter (e.g `/shutdown 1h`, only 1 value can be inputted: 2h 30m needs to be put in as 150m). All online players are notified about the shutdown in advance with on-screen popups and in-game messages 15, 10, 5 and 1 minutes before shutdown.
- **Improved Item Frames**: QoL changes to the behavior of item frames. Disallows rotating or removing items from an item frame unless the player crouches when performing the action and allows for placing invisible item frames if the player holds an item tag named "inv" in their off-hand. While holding the tag, all invisible item frames within 10 blocks from the player will begin to glow, which can be used to detect empty invisible item frames to remove or update them.
- **Advanced Universal Recoloring**: adds a number of crafting recipes that allow for recoloring wool and beds from any color to any other color in proportion 1:1 (1 item + 1 dye = 1 recolored item). Also adds crafts for transforming 3 carpets of any color into blocks of correspondingly colored wool. However, instead of adding similar recipes for concrete, the plugin instead introduces default concrete and default concrete powder (which is light gray concrete and concrete powder, that can now be crafted from 4 sand and 4 gravel without adding any dye), concrete color stripping (right-clicking on a cauldron filled with water with any amount of colored concrete/concrete powder replaces that concrete with default concrete/concrete powder and removes 1 layer of water from the cauldron) and default concrete recoloring (4 default concrete/concrete powder + 1 dye = 4 recolored concrete/concrete powder).
- **In-Game Pinging**: a small feature that allows to "ping" players in-game similarly to how it's possible in Discord. Writing @ followed by any player's username in a lone chat message or as a part of a text will change the appearance of that text in chat and send the player who was "pinged" a sound notification. Pinging still works if player's name is misspelled insignificantly. Doesn't work if the player currently pinged is offline or if the message contains several pings at once. It's also possible to ping every player currently online and by using **@everyone**.
- **Artificial Border**: Maintains an artificial border, only visible to players who are approaching it, limiting a certain area around the world spawn. Allows players to pass through, but displays warning messages as they pass it. Handy for cases when the server runs on a weak remote server and when certain area of the game world is pre-loaded, while the rest isn't.  
- **AFK Account Support**: Upon joining the server, accounts with *"_AFK"* prefix in their name are automatically made invulnerable and unable to attack or mine blocks. Every player **`X`** can run `/moveafk` to teleport player **`X`_AFK** to their current location. AFK accounts can't leave boundaries of their chunk but can interact with objects and entities both inside and outside of the chunk they are in. AFK accounts can't use `/afk` command.
- **Bug reporting**: [Mostly used for my server] adds functionality to issue and resolve bug reports in game. Bug report can be created with `/bug report "[name]" "[descr]"`, where parentheses are obligatory. Mark bugs as resolved using `/bug resolve "[name]"` and list existing reports with `/bug listreports` (`/bug list all` for listing resolved reports as well). In an exceptional case, `/bug fix` can be used by any player excluding the admin to temporarily grant server admin OP status to fix any mistakes caused by the plugin. OP status is automatically removed within 5 minutes.
